d) When we set high frequency fourier coefficients to zero, fastly varying regions (or sharp features) on the plot are suppressed and slow frequencies produce a slowly moving smooth plot.

Square Wave:
Artifacts in the fourier series representaion of square wave are due to finite number of frequencies in the FFT calculation. Square Wave is odd. So, it can be represented as sum of sine waves. Qualitatively, sharp features are generally represented by higher frequency components as they repesented fastly changing wave. So, cutting down higher frequencies limits our ability to move fast along the sharp edges. So, slower frequencies blurs the sharp features. Mathematically, derivative and second derivative of a sine wave is proportional to frequency and square of frequency. So, higher frequencies can have higher derivatives and second derivatives compared to slower frequencies. So, near sharp edge, the derivative needs to be very high and also there is need of very large change of second derivative near edge. Slower frequencies are not able to do it properly. Low frequency waves rise near the edge slowly but overshoots because they can't chnage their derivative sharply as their second derivative is small. Then they oscillate about square wave true value. The ringing frequency is about the maximum frequency present in the FFT representation. The other slower frequencies don't contribute much to small scale behaviour. Also, ringing amplitude decreases if we increase the number of frequencies in our representation because the amplitude of higher frequencies ( odd harmonics) is smaller than lower frequencies. This ringing will be present even if increase the number of frequenices. Periodicity of function forces it to be equal at both ends. Also, since sum of sine waves is continuous, the sum is zero (average of right hand and left hand limit) at discontinuity. Overshoot is present at even highr frequencies. The peak becomes narrower and shifts towards discontinuity but the magnitude approahes a non-zero finite value given by Gibbs constant ( approximately 1.18 { 9% of 2 whuch is jump disconuity} ). But, if number of frequency components is high enough (comparable to sampling rate), then overshoot is not observed while reconstructing the function. 
